docs: dynamic host volume command line (#24814)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/commands/volume/init.mdx

- `-json`: Create an example JSON volume specification.

> - `-type`: Create an example for a specific type of volume (one of "csi" or
>   "host", defaults to "csi").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-type`: Create an example for a specific type of volume. Use either "csi" or
  "host", defaults to "csi".
```
